Conto is a banking application.

Users of the system are identified by a username and a secret password, which they choose when signing up to the system.

Users can have the role `USER` (regular users), or `ADMIN` for administrative users who have access to more powerful features.

A user can own one or more bank accounts. Each account has a unique account ID, a description, and a minimum balance (which defults to zero for accounts created by regular users).

Users can create as many new accounts for themselves as they want. Users can only choose the description of new accounts. The unique account ID will be generated by the system. The minimum balance of user-created accounts will always be zero.

Users can transfer money between accounts by submitting a transfer order. An order is defined by a 'from' account (or debit account), a 'to' account (credit account), an amount (integer) and a description. Users can transfer money any account they own to any other account in the system (including accounts owned by other users). If, after the transfer, the balance of the debit account would be lower than the minimum balance configured for that account, the transfer will be rejected and no money will be transferred.

The balance of an account is the sum of all amounts of the transfers crediting that account, minus the sum of all amounts of the transfers debiting that account.

Users with the role `ADMIN` ('admins' for short) have access to the following extra functionality:

* Create accounts owned by a user different from themselves
* Create accounts with a minimum balance other than zero, both positive and negative
* Transfer money from any account in the system, including accounts not owned by themselves

On system startup, a default admin user will be created, and an account with the description "Bank", owned by this user, with a minimum balance of -9223372036854775808 (which is the minium value of a variable of type long in Java).

When a new user signs up to the system, a default account with the description "Checking" is created for them. Furthermore, 100 credits will be automatically transferred to their account from the "Bank" account owned by the default admin user. 

